1. How we can use ssh in github and also write command to generate ssh keys in your respestive operating system.

Copy the SSH public key to your clipboard.
In the upper-right corner of any page, click your profile photo, then click Settings.
In the "Access" section of the sidebar, click  SSH and GPG keys.
Click New SSH key or Add SSH key.
In the "Title" field, add a descriptive label for the new key. For example, if you're using a personal laptop, you might call this key "Personal laptop".
Select the type of key, either authentication or signing. For more information about commit signing, see "About commit signature verification."
Paste your key into the "Key" field.
Click Add SSH key.
If prompted, confirm access to your account on GitHub. For more information, see "Sudo mode."


2. Write all commands from initialising to pushing your repo to github.

commands are :
git init
git add "file name"
git commit -m "message"
git remote add origin URL_REPO
git push origin master


3. Deploy a static website using the same repo and add screen shot.

   .........see repo....>

4. Difference between static and dynamic website.

Static Website: In Static Websites, Web pages are returned by the server 
which are prebuilt source code files built using simple languages such as HTML,
CSS, or JavaScript. There is no processing of content on the server (according to the user) 
in Static Websites. Web pages are returned by the server with no change therefore, 
static Websites are fast. There is no interaction with databases. Also, they 
are less costly as the host does not need to support server-side processing with 
different languages. 
Dynamic Website: In Dynamic Websites, Web pages are returned by the server which
are processed during runtime means they are not prebuilt web pages but they
are built during runtime according to the user’s demand with the help of server-side
scripting languages such as PHP, Node.js, ASP.NET and many more supported by the server.
So, they are slower than static websites but updates and interaction with databases are possible.

5. Steps you followed to connect github repo to your local repo.

git init
git add .
git commit -m "message"
git remote add origin URL_REPO
git push origin master





